<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--[if IE 8]><html class="no-js lt-ie9" lang="en" > <![endif]-->
<!--[if gt IE 8]><!--> <html class="no-js" lang="en" > <!--<![endif]-->
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
  
  
  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../img/favicon.ico">
  <title>Proposal Log - Opencast - Developer Guide</title>
  <link href='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Lato:400,700|Roboto+Slab:400,700|Inconsolata:400,700' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'>

  <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/theme.css" type="text/css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/theme_extra.css" type="text/css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/highlight.css">
  <link href="../css/font-awesome.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
  <link href="../css/style-guide.css" rel="stylesheet">
  
  <script>
    // Current page data
    var mkdocs_page_name = "Proposal Log";
    var mkdocs_page_input_path = "proposal-log.md";
    var mkdocs_page_url = "/proposal-log/";
  </script>
  
  <script src="../js/jquery-2.1.1.min.js"></script>
  <script src="../js/modernizr-2.8.3.min.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="../js/highlight.pack.js"></script> 
  
</head>

<body class="wy-body-for-nav" role="document">

  <div class="wy-grid-for-nav">

    
    <nav data-toggle="wy-nav-shift" class="wy-nav-side stickynav">
      <div class="wy-side-nav-search">
        <a href=".." class="icon icon-home"> Opencast - Developer Guide</a>
        <div role="search">
  <form id ="rtd-search-form" class="wy-form" action="../search.html" method="get">
    <input type="text" name="q" placeholder="Search docs" />
  </form>
</div>
      </div>

      <div class="wy-menu wy-menu-vertical" data-spy="affix" role="navigation" aria-label="main navigation">
	<ul class="current">
	  
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <a class="" href="..">Home</a>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <span class="caption-text">Development Process</span>
    <ul class="subnav">
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../development-process/">Development</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../reviewing-and-merging/">Reviewing, Merging and Declining Pull Requests</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../release-manager/">Release Manager</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../qa-coordinator/">QA Coordinator</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../security/">Security Issues</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../code-style/">Code Style</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../documentation/">Documentation</a>
                </li>
    </ul>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <span class="caption-text">Decision Making</span>
    <ul class="subnav">
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../decision-making/">Overview</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../decision-making/lazy-consensus/">Lazy Consensus</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../decision-making/consensus-building/">Consensus Building</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../decision-making/voting/">Voting</a>
                </li>
    </ul>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <span class="caption-text">Development Environment</span>
    <ul class="subnav">
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../development-environment/">Overview</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../development-environment-docker/">With Docker</a>
                </li>
    </ul>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <a class="" href="../committer/">Committers</a>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <a class="" href="../license/">Licenses and Legal Matters</a>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <a class="" href="../governance/">Governance</a>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <a class="" href="../localization/">Localization</a>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <a class="" href="../packaging/">Packaging</a>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1 current">
		
    <a class="current" href="./">Proposal Log</a>
    <ul class="subnav">
            
    <li class="toctree-l2"><a href="#opencast-proposals">Opencast Proposals</a></li>
    
        <ul>
        
            <li><a class="toctree-l3" href="#passed-proposals">Passed Proposals</a></li>
        
        </ul>
    

    </ul>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <a class="" href="../asset-manager/">Asset Manager</a>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <a class="" href="../scheduler/">Scheduler</a>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <span class="caption-text">Modules</span>
    <ul class="subnav">
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/">Overview</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <span class="caption-text">Administrative user Interface</span>
    <ul class="subnav">
                <li class="toctree-l3">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/development/">Development</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l3">
                    
    <span class="caption-text">Style Guide</span>
    <ul class="subnav">
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/">Overview</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/color-palette/">Color Palette</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/typeface/">Typeface</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/view-structure/">View Structure</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/spacing/">Logo</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/navigation/">Navigation</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/modals/">Modals</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/forms/">Forms</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/icons/">Icons</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/buttons/">Buttons</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/dropdowns/">Dropdowns</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/alerts-indicators/">Alerts and Indicators</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l4">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/admin-ui/style/references/">References</a>
                </li>
    </ul>
                </li>
    </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/capture-agent/">Capture Agent</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <span class="caption-text">Player</span>
    <ul class="subnav">
                <li class="toctree-l3">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/player/architecture/">Architecture</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l3">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/player/core.reference/">Core Reference</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l3">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/player/events/">Events</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l3">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/player/storage/">Storage</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l3">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/player/plugin.development/">Plugin Development</a>
                </li>
                <li class="toctree-l3">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/player/testing/">Testing</a>
                </li>
    </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/stream-security/">Stream Security</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../modules/oaipmh/">OAI-PMH</a>
                </li>
    </ul>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <span class="caption-text">Infrastructure</span>
    <ul class="subnav">
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../infrastructure/">Overview</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../infrastructure/notes/">Notes</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../infrastructure/maven-repository/">Maven Repository</a>
                </li>
    </ul>
	    </li>
          
            <li class="toctree-l1">
		
    <span class="caption-text">API</span>
    <ul class="subnav">
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../api/">Introduction</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../api/usage/">Usage</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../api/authentication/">Authentication</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../api/authorization/">Authorization</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../api/glossary/">Glossary</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../api/base-api/">Base API</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../api/events-api/">Events API</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../api/series-api/">Series API</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../api/groups-api/">Groups API</a>
                </li>
                <li class="">
                    
    <a class="" href="../api/security-api/">Security API</a>
                </li>
    </ul>
	    </li>
          
        </ul>
      </div>
      &nbsp;
    </nav>

    <section data-toggle="wy-nav-shift" class="wy-nav-content-wrap">

      
      <nav class="wy-nav-top" role="navigation" aria-label="top navigation">
        <i data-toggle="wy-nav-top" class="fa fa-bars"></i>
        <a href="..">Opencast - Developer Guide</a>
      </nav>

      
      <div class="wy-nav-content">
        <div class="rst-content">
          <div role="navigation" aria-label="breadcrumbs navigation">
  <ul class="wy-breadcrumbs">
    <li><a href="..">Docs</a> &raquo;</li>
    
      
    
    <li>Proposal Log</li>
    <li class="wy-breadcrumbs-aside">
      
        <a href="https://github.com/opencast/opencast/tree/develop/docs/guides/developer/docs/edit/master/docs/proposal-log.md"
          class="icon icon-github"> Edit on GitHub</a>
      
    </li>
  </ul>
  <hr/>
</div>
          <div role="main">
            <div class="section">
              
                <h1 id="opencast-proposals">Opencast Proposals</h1>
<p>All important decisions for Opencast have to be made on list. For more details, please have a look at out <a href="../decision-making/">documentation
about decision making</a>.</p>
<p>The following list contains a list of passed proposals for reference.</p>
<h2 id="passed-proposals">Passed Proposals</h2>
<h3 id="crowdin-acceptance-policy">Crowdin Acceptance Policy</h3>
<p>Proposed by Greg Logan <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#103;&#114;&#101;&#103;&#111;&#114;&#121;&#100;&#108;&#111;&#103;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#103;&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;">&#103;&#114;&#101;&#103;&#111;&#114;&#121;&#100;&#108;&#111;&#103;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#103;&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;</a>, passed on November 17, 2017</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Hi all,

Per the discussion in the meeting today, we need to set a policy regarding what
is expected of our Crowdin translators prior to joining the translation team.
My proposal is that they must write a brief, understandable sentence regarding
why they want to help translate Opencast via the Crowdin UI.  This is an
optional field in the workflow where they request to be a translator (ie, no new
tools or fields) which is sometimes filled in, but mostly left blank.  Something
like

'I want to help translate $project into [language]'

would be sufficient.  This filters out the bots, yet is simple enough that
someone with Google translate ought to be able to work something out.  Once this
passes I will update the Crowdin and Opencast docs regarding the requirements,
and then we should be good to go.

Proposal closes EOD 2017-11-17.
</code></pre>
<h3 id="rename-matterhorn-repository-to-opencast">Rename Matterhorn Repository To Opencast</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, passed on July 13, 2017</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Hi everyone,
I think we have reached a point where people are wondering what the
hell matterhorn is ;-D

That is why I #propose to rename our official repository from
matterhorn to opencast:

old: https://bitbucket.org/opencast-community/matterhorn/
new: https://bitbucket.org/opencast-community/opencast/

This proposal will end on Thu Jul 13 16:00 CEST 2017

Regards,
Lars
</code></pre>
<h3 id="criteria-for-inclusion-of-translations">Criteria For Inclusion Of Translations</h3>
<p>Proposed by Sven Stauber <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#115;&#118;&#101;&#110;&#46;&#115;&#116;&#97;&#117;&#98;&#101;&#114;&#64;&#115;&#119;&#105;&#116;&#99;&#104;&#46;&#99;&#104;">&#115;&#118;&#101;&#110;&#46;&#115;&#116;&#97;&#117;&#98;&#101;&#114;&#64;&#115;&#119;&#105;&#116;&#99;&#104;&#46;&#99;&#104;</a>, passed on April 28, 2017</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Dear all,
There are currently no rules about the criteria needed for a translation to be
included or excluded from the official Opencast releases.

I hereby propose the following rules:

1.  A not yet supported translation is included into the next major release if
    it is translated to at least 90% at the time when the release branch is cut.
    The release managers will take the review if no other reviewer can be found.

2.  A not yet supported translation may be included in the current release
    branch anytime if it is translated to 100% and a reviewer is found. It will
    then be part of the next minor release and major release if feasible

3.  An endangered translation is a supported translation that is translated less
    than 80% at the time when the release branch of the next major release is
    cut. The release managers will publish a list of endangered languages if any

4.  An endangered translation will be removed with the next major release if it
    is not saved. The release managers take care of the removal in case no other
    person will

5.  An endangered translation may be saved by reaching at least 90% translated
    until at least two weeks before the release date of the next major release
    and a reviewer is found

6. Considering the percentages of being translated, Crowdin acts as reference

7. Considering the dates of the release cuts of major releases, the respective
   releases schedules act as reference

Best,
Sven
</code></pre>
<h3 id="make-maintenance-releases-easier">Make Maintenance Releases Easier</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, passed on April 24, 2017</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Hi everyone,
over the last years, I have cut a lot of Opencast maintenance releases.
The process is to announce that a release will be cut, create a release
candidate and wait 72h without veto to actually release.

I have always sent out the voting mail as required by our release
process and I can always count on the usual response: No reply.

This is actually not very surprising since for example now for the
2.3.3 release, people have either already tested the latest state of
r/2.3.3 or are involved in the next big release already.

In short this means that we always have a three day waiting period in
which basically nothing happens. That is why I would like to change the
process for *maintenance releases* in the following way:

  A release manager may cut new maintenance releases at any time
  without prior release candidate.
  He should openly announce the date for a new release a week before
  the release or at any earlier point in time.

Note that this will also allow a release manager to release as fast as
possible if necessary (e.g. security fix) since the announcement is not
strictly required but only a strong advise.

This should lessen the work for the a release managers and will enable
more agile release processes. We also should not really loose any QA
work since everyone knows when releases will happen and people can
always test the latest state of a release branch which will become the
new release.

This proposal will not affect major releases where release candidates
with three days testing period would still be required.

I hope you agree with this change,
Lars
</code></pre>
<h3 id="minor-documentation-changes-do-not-require-jira-issues-or-prs">Minor documentation changes do not require JIRA issues or PRs</h3>
<p>Proposed by Stephen Marquard <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#115;&#116;&#101;&#112;&#104;&#101;&#110;&#46;&#109;&#97;&#114;&#113;&#117;&#97;&#114;&#100;&#64;&#117;&#99;&#116;&#46;&#97;&#99;&#46;&#122;&#97;">&#115;&#116;&#101;&#112;&#104;&#101;&#110;&#46;&#109;&#97;&#114;&#113;&#117;&#97;&#114;&#100;&#64;&#117;&#99;&#116;&#46;&#97;&#99;&#46;&#122;&#97;</a>, passed on June 9, 2017</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">To reduce the overhead involved in improving our documentation, I #propose that
minor fixes to documentation may be committed to either maintenance branches or
develop without requiring a JIRA issue or pull request.

Markdown docs can be edited directly on bitbucket (and git should we move to
that), which is a very fast and convenient way for developers to fix
documentation.

Constraints: documentation fixes committed in this way should be minor changes
only; for example fixing typos, layout, formatting, links or small changes to
existing content, but no significant new content (which should continue to go
through the usual review process).
</code></pre>
<h3 id="requiring-java-18-for-30">Requiring Java 1.8 for 3.0</h3>
<p>Proposed by Greg Logan <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#103;&#114;&#101;&#103;&#111;&#114;&#121;&#100;&#108;&#111;&#103;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#103;&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;">&#103;&#114;&#101;&#103;&#111;&#114;&#121;&#100;&#108;&#111;&#103;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#103;&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;</a>, passed on June 12, 2017</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Hi folks,

For those following along, James Perrin has identified an issue where 3.0
requires Java 1.8 at runtime.  We haven't formally included that
requirement for 3.0 yet (it's already required for 4.0), but I hereby
propose that we do.  No one seems to have noticed this requirement was
already present in 3.0 (not even me!), even at this late in the release
cycle which speaks, I think, to the already widespread adoption of Java
1.8.  We would also have to go back and redo all of our testing were we to
change the problematic jar to an earlier version, which would be
unfortunate for our release timelines.

This proposal closes EOD 2017-06-12 UTC -6, at which point I should be able
to cut the release.

G
</code></pre>
<h3 id="officially-declare-the-admin-ui-facade-as-internal-api-for-exclusive-use-by-the-module-matterhorn-adminui-ng">Officially declare the Admin UI Facade as internal API for exclusive use by the module matterhorn-adminui-ng</h3>
<p>Proposed by Sven Stauber <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#115;&#118;&#101;&#110;&#46;&#115;&#116;&#97;&#117;&#98;&#101;&#114;&#64;&#115;&#119;&#105;&#116;&#99;&#104;&#46;&#99;&#104;">&#115;&#118;&#101;&#110;&#46;&#115;&#116;&#97;&#117;&#98;&#101;&#114;&#64;&#115;&#119;&#105;&#116;&#99;&#104;&#46;&#99;&#104;</a>, passed on December 16, 2016</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Dear all,
I hereby propose to officially declare the Admin UI Facade as internal API for
exclusive use by the module matterhorn-adminui-ng.

Reason:
The Admin UI Facade is essentially the backend of the Admin UI.  While it would
be technically possible to use this API for other purposes, this would introduce
dependencies to components other than the Admin UI.

Allowing such dependencies to come into existence would cause changes to the
Admin UI Facade to potentially break other (possibly unknown external)
components.  Hence, we would need to announce, coordinate and discuss changes to
this API to not break dependencies to components we potentially don't even know.
This would unnecessarily slow down the future development of the Admin UI.  In
addition, Opencast 2.3 introduces the External API which has been explicitly
designed to meet the requirements of an API used to integrate other components.

Changes needed:
The documentation needs to reflect that the Admin UI Facade is an internal API
that will be changed without prior announcement whenever needed without
respecting dependencies other than the Admin UI itself and therefore people
shall not use this API for integration purposes.

Best,
Sven
</code></pre>
<h3 id="opencast-next-code-cleanup">Opencast Next: Code Cleanup</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, passed on Thu, 7 July 2016 15:21:19 UTC</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Hi everyone,
a while ago we discussed on the technical meeting that we would like to
remove some old code from Opencast since these parts do not work
properly (sometimes not at all) or are unused.

Why cleaning up? To name some reasons:

- Less code to run (less memory, faster start-up)
- Less things to compile (faster build)
- Less dependencies
- People do not accidentally stumble upon broken things
- Less work for maintenance

And now here is what I #propose to remove and a reason why I think this
should be removed. I already took the comments people made in the first
draft [1] into account, although I still dared to include the two last
items but this time, hopefully with a convincing reason for why they
should be removed.

1. Old Administrative User Interface (matterhorn-admin-ui)
   The reason for this should be obvious: We got a new one. The old one
   has not been tested for the last three releases, is not linked
   anywhere anymore and is partly buggy due to changes to Opencast. To
   maintain two interfaces for one thing do not make sense.

2. Hold-state Workflow Operations
   These do not work with the new interface any longer and the concept
   has since been replaced by the actions you can perform on archived
   material.

3. CleanSessionsFilter
   Old temporary bug fix. For more details read the thread on our
   developer list.

4. Republish Workflow Operation Handler
   It can be removed since it has been replaced by a flag on
   the publish operation in 2.x.

5. Old workflows + encodings
   We got new ones. These were only left because of the old ui.

6. Old player (Flash in engage ui)
   Flash is dead. We have the new player and Paella.

7. Most of shared_ressources
   Almost everything in here belongs to old user interfaces.

8. matterhorn-engage-player
   This is the old player Flex project. Iam not even sure it can still
   be compiled.


9. matterhorn-test-harness
   Old integration tests

10. matterhorn-mediapackage-ui
    Old UI ressources

11. matterhorn-manager-*
    Old, outdated configuration modification via web ui. This was never
    used and would need a major update to get it working again at all.

12. matterhorn-load-test*
    Some tests. I have never seen them executed by anyone.

13. matterhorn-holdstate-workflowoperation
    Workflow operations requiring a hold state which does not exist
    anymore with the new admin interface.

14. matterhorn-deprecated-workflowoperation
    The name says everything. This includes the download DVD operation.

15. matterhorn-annotation-*
    This should not work with either of the current players anymore.

16. docs/jmeter, docs/scripts/load_testing
    Configuration for a performance testing tool. Not used for a long
    time and not up-to-date.

17. Everything unused from:
    https://data.lkiesow.de/opencast/apidocs/deprecated-list.html
    E.g. FunctionException and ProcessExecutor(Exception)

18. matterhorn-webconsole
    Karaf comes with a web console. We do not use our old implementation
    anymore.

19. matterhorn-mediapackage-manipulator
    Rest endpoint for media package manipulation. It's not used anymore
    except by components to be removed.


20. matterhorn-search-service-feeds
    Broken implementation for RSS/Atom feeds

21. matterhorn-caption-* and embed operation
    Service for converting different subtitle formats and operation to
    embed these subtitles into the media files. This is *not* player
    caption support. If required, FFmpeg can be used for conversion
    between several subtitle formats. Asked on list [2], no one uses
    this.


As indicated before, points 20 and 21 had some comments for leaving them
in which did not convince me to not propose this. “Instead of removing
it, fix it” is an easy thing to say but sadly requires ressources.
Keeping it, announcing it as features and then tell people that it is
not working only afterwards is a bad thing and I would like to avoid
that.

Note that all the code is still in our history so that we loose nothing
if we want the old code back.

Please feel free to indicate if this action is fine for you or if you
want to keep some of the marked code. Please provide a reason if you do.

Best regards,
Lars

[1] http://bit.ly/28YOEZ1
[2] http://bit.ly/28Ztlt8
</code></pre>
<p>This proposal has passed with these additional corrections:</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Hi,
we discussed this on today's technical meeting and I'm slightly
changing the proposal:

20. Let's remove matterhorn-search-service-feeds only after September
    1st which is a realistic time to get things into the next Opencast
    release. If someone has fixed the issue by them, we will, of
    course, keep it.
    This change takes into account that some people have said they are
    interested into fixing that module, but will make sure that it's
    removed if no one fixes it to not have an advertised but broken
    feature.

21. I will be looking into adding subtitle support in a sensible way
    before removing the matterhorn-caption-* modules or at least
    clarify if they can still be used.

Regards,
Lars
</code></pre>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Hi James,
a couple of days, I talked to someone saying that he will soon provide
a patch adding exactly this functionality. The holdstate operations are
definitely broken due to their UI.

My suggestion for a compromise here:
 - Remove them if that patch for archiving the options is released
 - Remove them if no one fixes them in time (September 1st) for 2.3

If you want to bring them back later, we always keep the code in our
history.

Regards,
Lars

&gt; Hi,
&gt; I would like to keep 2 and presumably 13. Both Manchester and AFAIK
&gt; Cape Town have use cases for hold states since there is still no
&gt; mechanism for passing WF configuration options from one WF to another.
&gt; Regards
&gt; James
</code></pre>
<p>The patch has <a href="https://bitbucket.org/opencast-community/matterhorn/pull-requests/1104">already been published</a>.</p>
<h3 id="opencast-community-repository-owners">Opencast Community Repository Owners</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, passed on Fri, 13 May 2016 18:41:52 UTC</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Hi,
today, in the technical meeting, we shortly discussed how to handle
requests, problems, etc regarding the other repositories we are hosting
under the umbrella of the Opencast community:

  https://bitbucket.org/opencast-community/profile/repositories

While we have people who care about the official Opencast repository as
well as rules about what may be merged, who may merge things, … we do
not have that for other repositories and for some it's very unclear.

That is why I would like to propose that every repository under the
umbrella of the Opencast community needs to have a “project owner”
being responsible for that repository. Usually it should be the one
requesting that repository, but of course it can be someone else known
in the community.

I would also like to propose that if there is no one willing to take up
the responsibility to take care of a repository (ownership) if an old
owner leaves, the repository should either be removed or marked as
deprecated and moved to a separate section if so requested.

Finally, I would like to propose that we use the new “project” feature
of BitBucket to group the repositories into the groups:

- Opencast
- Contrib
- Adopters
- Deprecated (&lt;- to be created if needed)

Currently, all repositories are in one big project.

Regards,
Lars
</code></pre>
<h3 id="rename-opencast-mailing-lists">Rename Opencast Mailing Lists</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, passed on Thu, 14 Apr 2016 00:00:00 UTC</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Hi everyone,
traditionally, we have the three mailing lists:

 - matterhorn@opencast.org (development list)
 - matterhorn-users@opencast.org (user list)
 - community@opencast.org (more or less announcements)

Recently, though, we have seen especially the last two list being used
for user questions and problems. That is not surprising as we dropped
the name “Matterhorn” and new users do not know what that the list
matterhorn-users is meant for questions about Opencast.

That is why I would like to rename these lists to

 - dev@opencast.org or development@opencast.org (I prefer the short
   name but don't have very strong feelings about that)
 - users@opencast.org
 - announcements@opencast.org

Together with the already existing security-notices list, this gives
these lists a very clear meaning. It would also have the benefit that
users only interested in general announcements could subscribe to one
list only which would likely be a very low-traffic mailing list.

Additionally, this would make it sufficient to send announcements to
one list, instead of sending it to all three lists.

To prevent general questions on the announcements list, I suggest we
grant posting rights to board members, committers or other people who
have or had a role in our community only. I don't think we need to be
too strict here but should make sure that people understand what this
list is for.

Finally, for the sake of our current members, I would suggest that we
forward the mails to the old addresses for at least until the end of
the year, if that is possible.

Best regards,
Lars
</code></pre>
<h3 id="documentation-pull-request-merge-order">Documentation Pull Request Merge Order</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, passed on Thu, 25 Feb 2016 20:52:00 UTC</p>
<pre><code class="language-no-highlight">Hi everyone,
as discussed in this weeks technical meeting, I hereby #propose to
allow out-of-order merges of documentation pull requests in the same way
we have this exception for bug-fixes.

to be precise, I #propose to change the development process docs for
reviewing and merging [1] in the following way:

[old]

 - Pull requests for bug fixes (t/MH-XXXXX-...) may be reviewed and
   merged out of order.

[new]

 - Pull requests for bug fixes or documentation may be reviewed and
   merged out of order.

Regards,
Lars

[1] https://docs.opencast.org/develop/developer/reviewing-and-merging/
</code></pre>
<h3 id="removing-instances-of-print-statements-with-a-style-rule-proposal">Removing instances of print statements with a style rule #proposal</h3>
<p>Proposed by Greg Logan <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#103;&#114;&#101;&#103;&#111;&#114;&#121;&#100;&#108;&#111;&#103;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#103;&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;">&#103;&#114;&#101;&#103;&#111;&#114;&#121;&#100;&#108;&#111;&#103;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#103;&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;</a>, passed on Wed, 12 Feb 2016 12:00:00 UTC</p>
<pre><code>Hi folks,

I noticed in a recently review that there are still System.out.println
statements in use in our codebase.  I was surprised, because thought we had
previously implemented a checkstyle rule which would have banned those
statements!  I hereby #propose that we implement the changes outlined in
https://opencast.jira.com/browse/MH-11222, and remove these statements in
favour of logger statements.  I also propose that we add this rule to the
checkstyle ruleset so that we don't have to deal with this again going
forward.  Proposal closes EOD 2016-02-03.

G
</code></pre>
<h3 id="how-to-release-a-new-opencast-version">How to release a new Opencast version…</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, passed on Fri, 14 Aug 2015 12:54:51 UTC</p>
<pre><code>Hi everyone,
serving as co-release manager for two versions of Opencast, I noticed
that our current release process has some aspects of the release defined
in a way that is more hindering than helpful and I want to #propose a
slight change to these recommendations.

I hereby #propose:

1. Get rid of the `master` branch, make `develop` the main branch.
2. Do not use the --no-ff flags for merges
3. Do not create versions/tags in a release branch. Separate them.


Reasoning:

1. The short explanation whould be: When did you explicitely checked
   out `master` last time? People rarely do that. If I want a specific
   version, I use the tag, if not I want the release branch or
   `develop`.
   If you think about it, then the whole reason for `master` in GitFlow
   is to always provide the last stable version to users who just check
   out the repository and do nothing else. The problem with Opencast is,
   that we support multiple versions at the same time. If in a couple
   of weeks 1.6.2 is being released, it is the latest stable. Is it? If
   I check out `master`, however, I will still get 2.0 as we cannot
   merge 1.6.x afterwards. While you can grasp the reasons behind this,
   it is a bit confusing for users and it is much easier to just tell
   them to use the tag to check out a specific version.
   That it, if they do not use the tarballs from BitBucket anyway.

2. First of all, most people seem to be using BitBucket for
   auto-merging and it does not use --no-ff. So we are not really
   consistent anyway. Being consistent and using  --no-ff would mean to
   forbid the usage of the BitBucket merge.
   Second, have a look at the confusing mess that are the current
   branches (I tried to find something in the visualization a while ago
   but gave up). It would be much cleaner to try using fast-forward
   merges. So instead of using non-fast-forward commits I would argue
   that we should instead try to use as many fast-forward commits as
   possible.

3. Once we decided to have the tags in our branches like this:

      ---- A ---- B (tagged) ----- C ---- D --&gt;

   A is the commit containing the version that is decided to be
   released. B is the tagged version. It is exactly the same code as A
   except for the pom.xml versions that are modified. Finally C then
   reverts B as the modified version should not be part of the release
   branch, .... After C, the code is basically A again except for the
   history (which we later need to merge which can be problematic). D
   would then be the next “real” commit, meaning the next fix.

   Much easier to handle would be the following structure:

     ---- A ---- D --&gt;
           \
            B (tagged)

   You do not have to revert that commit, you do not need to merge the
   easily conflicting pom.xml changes and in the end, you would anyway
   check out the tag using  git checkout &lt;tag&gt;  if you want that
   specific version


Branching structure:

To have a complete overview, this is what the new branching structure
would look like:


  develop --*--*--*--*--*----*--------*--------*----&gt;
                   \        /                 /
            r/x.y.z *--*--*---*--*--*--*--*--*----&gt;
                           \                  \
                            * x.y.z-beta1      * x.y.z-rc1

Regards,
Lars
</code></pre>
<h3 id="moving-away-from-the-3rd-party-scripts">Moving away from the 3rd party scripts</h3>
<p>Proposed by Greg Logan <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#103;&#114;&#101;&#103;&#111;&#114;&#121;&#100;&#108;&#111;&#103;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#103;&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;">&#103;&#114;&#101;&#103;&#111;&#114;&#121;&#100;&#108;&#111;&#103;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#103;&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;</a>, passed by Fri, 24 Jul 2015 16:45:40 UTC</p>
<pre><code>Hi folks,

As it stands right now we depend on the 3rd party tool script to
install a great many of our 3rd party dependencies.  These are
utilities like tesseract, ffmpeg, sox, etc.  This script is maintained
by Matjaz, in his own time.  I'd like to take a moment to thank him
for a doing a great job on a particularly annoying aspect of
supporting our work!  I know it hasn't been easy, especially
supporting vast number of different OS versions!

With the release of 2.0 I noticed that our 3rd party tool script is
becoming both a little out of date, and difficult to maintain.  I took
a quick look around and it seems like *most* of our dependencies are
available from normal distribution repositories for Debian based
systems, and I'm told that there is a similar situation for Redhat
based systems.  I am unsure of how many of our users are running
Matterhorn on Mac, but I would hope that our developers who are
working on Mac would be able to provide instructions and/or binaries
for those users.  The only dependency where there might be a universal
sticking point is ffmpeg (due to patent concerns), however ffmpeg
builds a full static binary with each release, so I assume we can
either depend on this and/or cache them somewhere.

What this means is that we can potentially remove the 3rd party script
from our repository.  I hereby #propose we find a way to do that,
which would remove the 3rd party script from the repository and
replace it with a number of new steps in the install documentation.

G
</code></pre>
<h3 id="status-of-youtube-in-20-and-proposal-to-change-the-default-workflow">Status of youtube in 2.0 and #proposal to change the default workflow</h3>
<p>Proposed by Rüdiger Rolf <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#114;&#114;&#111;&#108;&#102;&#64;&#85;&#110;&#105;&#45;&#79;&#115;&#110;&#97;&#98;&#114;&#117;&#101;&#99;&#107;&#46;&#68;&#69;">&#114;&#114;&#111;&#108;&#102;&#64;&#85;&#110;&#105;&#45;&#79;&#115;&#110;&#97;&#98;&#114;&#117;&#101;&#99;&#107;&#46;&#68;&#69;</a>, passed on Sat, 13 Jun 2015 14:15:55 UTC</p>
<pre><code>Hi list!

There was some discussion in the DevOps meeting yesterday if the
Youtube distribution would work or not. I offered to check this.

The good news first: IT WORKS!
Just follow this manual and your Matterhorn - ups Opencast -  is ready
to distribute to Youtube.

  http://docs.opencast.org/r/2.0.x/admin/modules/youtubepublication/

The bad news: The default workflow definition does not really support
the publishing on Youtube, as only one video file could be published
by the current WOH.

  https://opencast.jira.com/browse/MH-10920

The reason is simple and the fix would be too. But there are some
options to fix this:

1. Remove the option to distribute to Youtube from the default workflow
   definition, as the complicated configuration would have to come
   first anyway.
2. Only let "presenter" or "presentation" be published to Youtube. We
   would need a new youtube tag and add this to the compose operation
   and the youtube operation.
3. Introduce the composite operation to the workflow definition and
   publish only the resulting single stream to Youtube.
4. Upgrade the WOH to support publishing of multiple files.

I would say that option 4 could be 2.1 goal, but not for 2.0.

I would #propose to go for option 1, as nobody can use Youtube
out-of-the-box anyway. And the admin could then setup  an appropriate
Youtube workflow for their needs too.

Regards
Rüdiger
</code></pre>
<h3 id="episode-dublincore-catalog">Episode DublinCore Catalog</h3>
<p>Proposed by Karen Dolan <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#107;&#100;&#111;&#108;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#100;&#99;&#101;&#46;&#104;&#97;&#114;&#118;&#97;&#114;&#100;&#46;&#101;&#100;&#117;">&#107;&#100;&#111;&#108;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#100;&#99;&#101;&#46;&#104;&#97;&#114;&#118;&#97;&#114;&#100;&#46;&#101;&#100;&#117;</a>, Passed on Sat, 30 May 2015 12:39:05 UTC</p>
<pre><code>Dear Opencast-ees,

The following proposal addresses MH-10821[1]. An issue that exposes a
know long time ambiguity regarding metadata and the ingest service.
The reason that its a proposal is that it normalizes the handling of
inbound episode catalog metadata in the ingest service.


1) A new configuration parameter, boolean, for the Ingest Service. The
   config param identifies if episode metadata precedence is for
   Ingestee (i.e. Opencast system) or the Ingester (i.e. Capture
   Agent).

   For example: at our site, the scheduling entity is the metadata
   authority. All updates are made to the Scheduling endpoint. The
   Capture Agent always has stale episode catalog metadata. At other
   sites, updates are made on the Capture Agent directly. The
   community default can be for priority to the Capture Agent.

2) All Ingest endpoints perform the same consistent process to ensure
   that an episode catalog will exist, manually or automatically
   provided.

3) The process performs the following...

3.1. Gather data

 - Check if inbound media package contain a reference to an Episode
   DublinCore catalog and if that catalog contains a title.
 - Check if the inbound media package contains a title attribute.
 - Check if the Workflow service has a reference to the mediapackage's
   Episode Dublin Core catalog
 - Check if the Scheduler service retained a reference to the event's
   Episode Dublin Core catalog

3.2. Use config param to prioritize action on acquiring an Episode dc
   catalog for the media package

  If Capture Agent metadata takes precedence:
     - Take the inbound Episode dc catalog, if it exists
     - Take the Episode dc catalog from the workflow service, if it
       exists
     - Take the Episode dc  catalog from the scheduler service, if it
       exists
     - Create an Episode dc catalog from the title in the media
       package,, if it exists
     - Create an Episode dc catalog using a default title (i.e.
       "Recording-1234556XYZ")

 If Opencast metadata takes precedence:
     - Take the Episode dc catalog from the workflow service, if it
       exists
     - Take the Episode dc  catalog from the scheduler service, if it
       exists
     - Take the inbound Episode dc catalog if it exists
     - Create an Episode dc catalog from the title in the media
       package, if it exists
     - Create an Episode dc catalog using a default title (i.e.
       "Recording-1234556XYZ")

I'll start a pull for the above, and appreciate any thoughts.

Regards,
Karen

[1] https://opencast.jira.com/browse/MH-10821
</code></pre>
<h3 id="dropping-taglines">Dropping Taglines</h3>
<p>Proposed by  Greg Logan <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#103;&#114;&#101;&#103;&#111;&#114;&#121;&#100;&#108;&#111;&#103;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#103;&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;">&#103;&#114;&#101;&#103;&#111;&#114;&#121;&#100;&#108;&#111;&#103;&#97;&#110;&#64;&#103;&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;</a>, Passed on Fri, 29 May 2015 16:19:09 UTC</p>
<pre><code>Hi folks,

I hereby propose that we drop the practice of having taglines.  I
propose this because we don't have a place in the new admin UI to put
them, nor have I ever heard any of the adopters make use of it.  I know
we don't use it as a committing group, which means that *no one* is
using them.

G
</code></pre>
<h3 id="wiki-cleanup">Wiki Cleanup</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, Passed on Fri, 24 May 2015 11:36:49 UTC</p>
<pre><code>Hi everyone,
since we partly switched to our new documentation [1] I would like to
make sure that the old and mostly outdated documentation goes away so
that no one stumbles upon that. When I had a look at the wikis we
currently have I noticed that most of our 17(!) wikis have not been
touched in years and can probably go away.

Here is a list of our wikis and what I #propose to do with/to them:

Keep (maybe clean-up a bit):
 - Matterhorn Adopter Guides
 - Matterhorn Developer Wiki
 - Opencast Matterhorn D/A/CH
 - Opencast Matterhorn Español
 - LectureSight

Export as PDF to archive the contents and then delete:
 - Matterhorn Release Docs - 1.0
 - Matterhorn Release Docs - 1.1
 - Matterhorn Release Docs - 1.2
 - Matterhorn Release Docs - 1.3
 - Matterhorn Release Docs - 1.4
 - Matterhorn Release Docs - 1.5
 - Matterhorn Release Docs - TRUNK

Keep until 2.1 is out then export as PDF and delete:
 - Matterhorn Release Docs - 1.6

Just delete:
 - Analytic video annotation
 - Infra
 - Matterhorn Documents
 - Opencast Community


Please let me know if you agree or disagree with this proposal.

Regards,
Lars

[1] http://documentation.opencast.org
</code></pre>
<h3 id="jira-clean-up">Jira Clean-Up</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, Passed on Fri, 8 May 2015 11:52:16 UTC</p>
<pre><code>Hi everyone,
as discussed in the technical meeting, I hereby #propose:

  The “Blocker” and “Release Blocker” severity status are more or less
  redundant. As part of cleaning up Jira, let us remove the “Release
  Blocker” severity in favor of “Blocker”.

As footnote, some statistics: Since the beginning of 2014, 70 Release
Blockers have been files in Jira while mere *8* Blockers have been
files.

Regards,
Lars
</code></pre>
<h3 id="opencast-documentation">Opencast Documentation</h3>
<p>Proposed by Rüdiger Rolf <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#114;&#114;&#111;&#108;&#102;&#64;&#117;&#110;&#105;&#45;&#111;&#115;&#110;&#97;&#98;&#114;&#117;&#101;&#99;&#107;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#114;&#114;&#111;&#108;&#102;&#64;&#117;&#110;&#105;&#45;&#111;&#115;&#110;&#97;&#98;&#114;&#117;&#101;&#99;&#107;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, Passed on Sat, 02 May 2015 14:43:28 UTC</p>
<pre><code>Hi all,

Tobias, Basil, Lars and I discussed status of the current migration of
the Opencast (Matterhorn) documentation to GIT. We still see some open
issues that need clarification so we would like to propose the
following points:

*1. Formating and Hosting of the Documentation *

We want to use https://readthedocs.org to or a similar service create
a more appealing HTML version from the Markdown of the documentation.

The documentation will be versioned there so that for older versions
the documentation is still available. By default the "latest" version
is shown.  The versions of the documenation will be generated based on
the release branches.

*2. Structure of the Documentation*

We see the documentation in*Git *separating into 3 sections:

 - /Administration Guide/: with information about the installation,
   configuration, customization and integration. This will be the part
   of information by an administrator to setup
   Opencast.

 - /Developer Guide/: All information related to implementation
   details of Opencast, so that this will be updated in a pull request
   (API changes, module descriptions, architecture). The development
   process documents should also go here as only committers usually
   should change these.

 - /User Guide/: Documentation of the (new) Admin UI that was already
   started by Entwine and the Engage UI (especially Theodul Player).
   This guide should only describe options available on the UIs.

Within the *Wiki* we still see the need for 2 sections:

 - /Developer Wiki/: Proposals, working documents and meeting notes
   will be kept here so that anybody can edit these. So information
   not to close to any existing implementation that might still be in
   a process of discussion can be found here.

 - /Adopters Wiki/: This can be the place where adopters share their
   best practises, configurations, hardware recommendations,
   third-party software documentation etc. Again anyone can contribute
   to this wiki.

The difference between the Wiki and Git is in the first line that the
Git documentation should become a quality assured ressource for
Opencast users. The Git documentation should be reviewed within the
release process and it will be part of the review process of a pull
request, to make sure that the needed documentation changes have been
contributed too.

The Wikis on the other hand should be a more open platform where
everybody can contribute and users might find cookbooks to enhance
their system, or they can share ideas.

So now we would like to get your opinion on this proposal.

Thank you,
Rüdiger
</code></pre>
<h3 id="requirement-specification">Requirement Specification</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, Passed on Thu, 16 Apr 2015 15:55:31 UTC</p>
<pre><code>On list or IRC we often see that people do not really know the current
requirements for a specific version of Opencast Matterhorn. Of course
there are the pom.xml files specifying internal dependencies, but there
is nothing for 3rd-party-tools, ...

It would be nice to add a file specifying these requirements in a
format that is easy to parse and can hence be used for automatic
scripts to generate dependency lists, ...

That is why I hereby #propose to add a requirements.xml file that
specifies the requirements for Opencast Matterhorn:
 - Required tools including versions
 - Which modules require which tools
 - Which modules conflict with each other (negative requirement)

This is mainly what is not specified by the pom.xml files yet.
</code></pre>
<h3 id="jira-clean-up-tags-vs-labels">Jira Clean-Up (Tags VS Labels)</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, Passed on Thu, 19. Mar 2015 15:43:20 UTC</p>
<pre><code>…then hereby I officially #propose removing the labels from Jira.
</code></pre>
<p>For more details, have a look at the mail thread at:</p>
<pre><code>https://groups.google.com/a/opencast.org/forum/#!topic/matterhorn/vIdWQkZmbdQ
</code></pre>
<h3 id="ffmpeg-update">FFmpeg Update</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, Passed on Sat, 14 Mar 2015 22:12:18 UTC</p>
<pre><code>Looking at the FFmpeg project for the last two years, you will notice
that they developed a pretty stable release cycle with a release of a
new stable version approximately every three month.

To stop us from having to propose an update again and again, I hereby
propose the following general rule for our support of FFmpeg:

  A Matterhorn release will oficially support the latest stable
  version of FFmpeg released at the time the release branch is cut and
  all other FFmpeg versions with the same major version number released
  afterwards.

For example, for Matterhorn 2 this would mean that we will officially
support FFmpeg 2.5.4 and all later 2.x versions like 2.6 which has
been released on the 7th of March or a possible 2.7 onece it is
released. We would, however, not necessarily support an FFmpeg 3 as it
*might* come with an interface change that *could* break compatibility.

That obviously does not mean that older versions of FFmpeg just stop
working. In fact, most parts of the default Matterhorn configuration
should at the moment still work with FFmpeg 1.x but we will not test or
fix compatibility problems.
</code></pre>
<h3 id="proposal-log">Proposal Log</h3>
<p>Proposed by Lars Kiesow <a href="&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;">&#108;&#107;&#105;&#101;&#115;&#111;&#119;&#64;&#117;&#111;&#115;&#46;&#100;&#101;</a>, Passed on Sat, 14 Mar 2015 16:35:08 UTC</p>
<pre><code>It would be wonderful if we had a central place to look up the proposals
that have passed.

That is why I hereby propose that:

 - We create a proposal log in our new documentation containing all
   proposals that have passed on list.

 - A proposal will become effective only after it is written down in
   that log. That should usually be done by the person who sent out
   that proposal.

This will, of course, not affect the existing decision making rules
(proposal on list, marked with #proposal, lazy consensus after three
days, no -1, ...)
</code></pre>
              
            </div>
          </div>
          <footer>
  
    <div class="rst-footer-buttons" role="navigation" aria-label="footer navigation">
      
        <a href="../asset-manager/" class="btn btn-neutral float-right" title="Asset Manager">Next <span class="icon icon-circle-arrow-right"></span></a>
      
      
        <a href="../packaging/" class="btn btn-neutral" title="Packaging"><span class="icon icon-circle-arrow-left"></span> Previous</a>
      
    </div>
  

  <hr/>

  <div role="contentinfo">
    <!-- Copyright etc -->
    
  </div>

  Built with <a href="http://www.mkdocs.org">MkDocs</a> using a <a href="https://github.com/snide/sphinx_rtd_theme">theme</a> provided by <a href="https://readthedocs.org">Read the Docs</a>.
</footer>
	  
        </div>
      </div>

    </section>
    
  </div>

  <div class="rst-versions" role="note" style="cursor: pointer">
    <span class="rst-current-version" data-toggle="rst-current-version">
      
          <a href="https://github.com/opencast/opencast/tree/develop/docs/guides/developer/docs" class="fa fa-github" style="float: left; color: #fcfcfc"> GitHub</a>
      
      
        <span><a href="../packaging/" style="color: #fcfcfc;">&laquo; Previous</a></span>
      
      
        <span style="margin-left: 15px"><a href="../asset-manager/" style="color: #fcfcfc">Next &raquo;</a></span>
      
    </span>
</div>
    <script src="../js/theme.js"></script>

</body>
</html>
